When you meet someone special... you'll know. Your heart will beat more rapidly and you'll smile for no reason.
they've decided its more fun if I don't.
So Tired D; Played Lazer Tag & Ran A LOT D; Ughh Going To Sleep Like In 5 Minutes ;)
Words from a complete stranger! Made my birthday even better :)
First Cubs game ever! Wrigley field is gorgeous. This is perfect. Go Cubs Go!
The new sundrop commercial ...hehe love at first sight
we need to reconnect THIS WEEK
I always wonder how the guys on the auctions shows learned to talk so fast!? all I hear is djsosnekspqnslanskam.
Dammnnnnn what a catch
Desk put together, room all set up. Oh boy, oh boy
Beauty Brainstorming in the Alchemy office with and Sally Walker!
Don't care what others think of you, and you will save yourself a lot of mental energy that instead can be used to push you towards success.
This Ron Artest interview... is it possible to die from laughter?
Linda! Just looked at my sched & I have to hustle back to Chula for P.M. meetings, so no time 4 lunch. :( Do u meet every Fri?
Bum Squad lets get it! RT : Shout that ninja out for winning
Tables are all sold out for the Mystique Masquerade Ball.
ya ik and i never asked him to follow me i only mentioned him once in one of my tweets- i didnt do anything else
Small market baseball. You, know...for the 99%.
Sing it!
it comes on tonight!! not tomorrow!!
maybe? just seems they thought up that idea over sunday brunch and thought it was swell.
"The longer we live the more we find we are like other persons." ~ Oliver Wendell Holmes
nice I watched the whole series, LOVED Julia and her mom Erica was such a badass
GOP line on Obama gay marriage stance seems to be that he flip-flopped. Really want to use that with Romney as your presidential candidate?
William Davis attorney says client will plead insanity. He faces first-degree murder charge in woman's death
got a good one?
love chris brown
its sounds good
I had a bomb ass day Chillin' with friends.
Hey Nate! Thanks for dropping by yesterday. How was your meal?
#FF : literary lights who brightened my week.
"...yo chick she so thirst..." aye!!! I really don't know what else they're saying tho except that lol
. many things can happen. Only YOU can control your reaction to it. Practice this good
haha very cute! Have u heard from julie?? Who's that on her fb I'm tryin not to laugh
I'm taking Adam! :-)
Not much, Ben - how's you?
#Inspiring RT : Great minds must be ready not only to take opportunities, but to make them. --Colton
Not being dependent on anyone for your happiness >>>
This humidity is not sitting well with me at all !! #NeedACInSchool D:
Still haven't seen #Super8? Every 88th check-in wins a free movie ticket. 45,347 check-ins so far!!
Hey hey hey , can i meet chaaaa ?!
at six flags.
They're not applauding because you don't have a button!
Doing some #cufon testing and implementation in #wordpress. What the FOUC d'y'all think of cufon?
If you have Firefox or Google Chrome type in "let it snow" into google today.
I can hear "High and Dry" through the walls. Amazing.
#GET BETTER
Why you actin like that towards me now
Hey how did you like Dogtooth? I watched like six months ago but don't know anyone else who saw it.
The average gossip and complain. The exceptional create and inspire. #leadership RT
Buffalo we do appreciate you following Poised Creation on Twitter!! :)
I promise you can go ten minutes without hanging on his arm.
Snap backs and tattoos
Fallout from the original, actually
who is your favorite tv mom?
People can keep talking/Thy can say what thy like/I dont worry cause everythings goin' be alright/No one get n way I feeling 4 (JESUS)
Hmm, I got hacked--do not open that link in the DM that was sent from my account. Sorry!! Yikes.
dont break my butt
So what do you do in OKC?
Players were Tebowing before Sat NFL Astroturf Collegiate Bowl. Praying in the end zone before the game and Tebowing a great stite
Yes they can :)
Hahahahaha, I love it. Thanks for the quick birthday lesson :)
; Im Almost Up To Youu!
Tonight should be fun ;)
I spy at Zeitgeist Coffee :)
going through #RNRCHI bag & wondering if people *actually* pay $60 to do the "ready to run" 20 mile training run.
That's game we lost I can't hate on the Heat Good Game
The #Marlins wish they had 5000 in attendance tonight...
#9 for Nelson!
Tweetin while I walk. Check my walkin soundtrack!
These late night walks are still religion to me. Thank goodness for these.
I want a new phone case. Preferably a sparkly one.
Everybody in the class is laughing at this part and I had no idea what was said :p
Bestfriend just got hit on my a 30 something year old
oh boo :( and here I was promoting what I thought it would be to a friend yesterday! Let me know if the cobbler needs help ;)
cinco de mayo fiesta at la carreta is packed!
I was born 2 weeks early? Haha
That’s what I thought, just wanted to check before I rework it.
Keep moving, and get out of the way
“: yeah, l could be the bigger person, or you could just shut the fuck up.”
anything intriguing going over there? Any clues on who the browns draft next?
Let peace find a toe hold in this tumultuous world.
me, too!
Okay so apparently it's not new? Sorry for having a life and not listening to music all day long. :)
that is hilarious! We need to do what we can to feel young!!
scrapbook class. Next up: hinged reattachment of enclosures w/ wheat paste and Japanese tissue! It's like I'm at nerd camp.
If your girlfriends parents pay her cell phone bill...
This Little Girl by Cady Groves..... I <3 it! Look it up :)
YourKoz Games+Find out who this is-$2.00+She concentrates on the calibre and quality of education for Jordanian children & global education
can u please RT or follow? i'm one of your biggest fans :)
Flores says vocational training is "his backyard." Admiration for police, nurses.
In Krav Maga there are no rules, no restrictions
Thank you! I'm proud of us all!
I love you brianana
"As for me and my house, we will serve the Lord." And we will embrace our LGBT brothers and sisters.
im following u so u cant welch lol
Plan on being a DJ (:
I actually saw a police officer on horseback galloping through downtown.
8th grade was so great though! & we all said we'd all stay close! We should all get together ASAP.
got that vol. 1 return of the bodysnatchers bumpin. Perfect for the gym! I'm going I'n right now!!
is our new Twitter pg. Follow 4 exciting deals, ATX challenges, & insights on #fashion, epicurean, entertainment & the arts
Daddy got a new truck(:
I love my momma :)
Hello new followers!
Ah I miss that place so much! We def need to do another road trip this summer
Join the Maui Mall Shoppers Club at www.mauimall.com. We give away three great prizes monthly, including $100 gift certificate to the mall!
busy day. I thought called about Film but it was same name dude who is a set medic. #internmistakes!
total white cat move
I actually liked Derek Morris as a Ranger.
Stellar of to reply. #digiday I find the lack of women in marketing/pr leadership interesting- it's an area of research for me.
Congrats to Patti Groff, CLM on winning the Spirit of ALA Award - a huge honor recognizing leadership and dedication!
Haha. Works for me sometimes. ;)
Wearing my 2011 shirt to the #Skrillex show in Indy tonight. Already got a lot of compliments.
Howdy Ali - good to meet you too!
"We All Got That One Friend whose laugh is always funnier than the joke."
Fact: Girls have a lot of crushes but their heart only belongs to one guy.
Count on me! ;) RT : better get your own party started!
#kids Little Stage Puppet Theater: Little Stage Puppet Theater Friday, May 11, 2012 at 6:30 PM Monrovia California 518 E. Colorado,...
You mean... a winky face is not the correct use?!
omg Jesus loves me SO much that sometimes my hair falls out. Then I pick it up and burn it as an offering. It feels so nice.
Hi there Sueanne! Liking the newest avatar! Getting to be beach weather, right?!
The trip home feels twice as long. Even with good music and junk food. Too bad I don't smoke anymore.
: Thanks for ther RT about Administrative Professionals Day.
Tryin to stay up for loiter squad
looks like its a jquery problem. in this.selectMenuItem, this refers to the document, right?
Can I get a refill?
Wow. Bollywood and Smash are still trending. That's how good tonight's episode of #smash was!
are you coming to get Donovan
OK just asked to have it shipped should have it in the next few days
Engineering Dev Manager-excellent leadership opportunity in Bellevue
Listening to The Faint always makes me think of you :) Its not bad for paper-writing music!
/ That, Alberto, is part of our "secret sauce" for the game. They are not aware, as that could bias gameplay.
Teen Wolf Trailer Omg I can't wait till it comes back on!!(:
Late night last night.
Time to dream bout some crazy ishhh goodnight ??
it's my fault I'm sorry
hey Clifbar people, love your stuff but need more info on this arsenic in organic bar business in the news today. What's your take?
Chicago roadtrip status: ACTIVE.
Hey shawty, I was thinkin of you (;
theyre gonna win just to fly to miami tomorrow
sweet! Let me know what you think. “: can't wait to read Humanize by !”
yup-there's all kinds of sneezing & sniffles in my house lately.
we're apart at a ray
Holy shit my mom can talk. About the SAME. DAMN. THING. That everybody already knows.
Ok I need a remote starter asap:-(
Just had the best snow cone, imperial woodpecker in NYC- get there
I need to see so many movies.
Why do I always buy the biggest wedding gift?
Thanks! Still need Help/Suggestions! I had another 6 commitments Saturday from the young youth group.
I'ts your blog and you are well aware of the link. Don't play dumb with me.
Need to vacuum
If this whole journalism thing doesn't work out, I think I now know what I want my second career to be.
Don't forget.... our 5th annual #Cuts4aCause is TOMORROW from 9-3!!! Don't miss out on this amazing event!! Call 414.988.4165 to book!
At first I wasn't sure (because I'm vegetarian), but some of their menu does look good; especially the cheeses.
I'll go without before i beg for something...
RT : And IU moves on to the next round of the tournament!
Silverton "Skip the Strip" New Year's Eve celebration. $10 wristband all you can drink 9:20-12:30
because... Why? Doesn't look like a keg. Guess it usually smells like one, I guess.
#Spammers I'd like to see the statistic on what spammers cost american small businesses in a dollar amount. They cost me so much...
" Motivation and inspiration energize people, not by pushing them in the right direction as control mechanisms do but by satisfying basic...
I thought you were strictly Infrastructure bro? You doing sharepoint dev roles too now?
no I had the kids. The ex kinda dropped them on me
Playing with fire again.
Ad2's "When Creatives and Non-Creatives Unite" is March 13th. Stay tuned in to Twitter and your Email for more information!
Missing a very important page from my booking notebook...this isnt good.
Sorry for the technical difficulties tonight guys. One day soon we'll have proper working equipment!
My Facebook doesn't look any different. Can I say Facebook on Twitter?
The thing I wish I could say to you but knowing I wont<<<
That song still gives me chills!
Aight heat nation victory nite 2nite... Lets go heat
Whoa! Whoa! Koala's get chlamydia?
Lakers would do well to keep drawing fouls on the Thunder bigs.
is there a worse place to get drafted than Cleveland?
can somebody make me a spaghetti diagram showing the connections among all of these data citation programs? Overwhelming...
Well, we're getting close to completing the album!..See the journey!
Going to bed, Night <3
I just love when my mother forgets to pay my phone bill. Sure hope I don't have a wreck on the way home and have to call 911.
Josh Hamilton CRACKS on CJ for 19 home runs on the season!!! Dude is in a ZONE!!!
Is your last name Trump? Mine got $5 for the first & $1 for each thereafter.
haha its the culture B haha
LA MUJER DE IVAN @ 8:30PM. Screened as part of The New Chilean Directors Showcase.
Well there might not be any crying in baseball, but there is a great deal of it in skiing.
I would love to connect sometime. Where are you located?
yessir you are correct
You will absolutely love it after the first 75 pages. So, suck it up and get that far. It turns on a dime.
Anyone out there looking to buy hunting land in Northern & Central Wisconsin this fall?
can I set up an interview with you guys?
Yes, you should be mean to the foster dog so he doesn't like you. That's the ticket.
I want to get 100 followers already! Follow me!
i guess they think they doin somethin by changing my fb password nd im the Lil Kid lmaooo
I'd like to know how much household help & had when the boys were infants & in school!
iv never felt this for any guy. u must be special <3 its a thing called true love <3
I didn't say it wasn't a good question. I said its not a good question on Mother's Day
Surrendering isn't just about letting go...It's about letting God!" I surrender all!
Richard Welsh is Steve's Dad. He is hoping #TeamSoaringHigh from Colorado, where the Welsh family lived a country road or 2 from each other.
!++-~| G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
#Startingnow I want ALL those girls of the world to know that they are beautiful and that there should #notbebulling and it should stop!
Now that everyone has graduated, I'm off to never never land
good cause the cowboys could use him in two years
San diego mayor talking about the necessity of art despite hard times!
Some things are easier said than done.
Kind of wish I wasn't going to prom...
: ALL seized Full Tilt #Poker funds, incl. payment processors, should be used to reimburse players. THX
yikes.."since 2007, RIM has introduced 37 models" -- A Boggle of Blackberrys nyti.ms/tKK5hZ
IDIOT!!! Ban him!!
Ok I need kush rehab real shit
Taking orders for custom clips, pic sets and webcam shows!!!! ;)
I didn't get home until the saw the sun coming up... I went hard last night
ugh i know.......long night Smh
One day.... :) “: dude! You guys need to come through Canada already haha”
Tommorow is B-day nd Everyone should Wish Her A Good One. She is One Of Are Biggest Supporters. So S/O Nd Love You Pintos :-)
"life is too short, gotta live it long"-Chris Rene, love it!!
Dream interpretation: It's about sex. That'll be $125.
send the pizza in the mail. :)
Up early thiis morning nd now its back to the studio. Got a couple traxxs to listen too nd possibly layiin dwn a track. W.O.R.D.
#ICantStandPeople who think they know it all or start a conversation but don't keep it going
RT probably a defense mechanism against dissonance from viewing oneself as civilized while acting savage/barbaric toward others.
I am so glad you like it as much as I do!
I love getting drunk on occasions. Are u out or in home?
talking about moving beyond "the idea of giving your reputation to a social network and letting them monetize it"
Melo is a scorer nobody can stop him at all! He is usually threading scorer not this year though
following u
« I want a large cherry berry chiller .»
screw everyone and come to Baylor
So happy to finally be home. I missed my family so much.
you've been fed a complete diet of propaganda your whole life...now how will you vote?...the only way you have learned thru inculcation?...
I likee both of them ;o
TWEET this: #AmpTopTrend with the name of the song or artist you want to hear on . Every hour you choose a new song!
Beyond frustrated... Shit!
no way you looked like a boy BUT- I feel you sister! Judy cuts my hair and she's a bad ass. She will make you look great.
hey. why'd you decide to join twitter? hopefully i can be your first reply.
Assert your right to make a few mistakes. If people can’t accept your imperfections, that’s their fault.
I wuvvvv you
I will happily provide cookies in exchange for answers. Very sad to hear about #Awake you are an exceptional writer.
hahah! It's a heart!
Romney shouldn't feel too bad about getting whipped today. He did end up winning American Samoa, so he's got that going for him.
Forgiveness comes by growth. Your growth.
"I'll just have the salad"
USDA Completely Deregulates Genetically Engineered Alfalfa-WTF!!!!
Live music tonight in for a drink or two. Don't forget free parking!
#EllenRTme day 159 & 160 It's been such a great weekend & I have no iPhone so this is a 2-for-1!
...and I just drooled coffee all over myself...HAPPY FRIDAY!
how many ppl in it ?
Sharon Osbourne has morphed into a Cabbage Patch Doll.
Should do a video to that classic shit I'M KILLIN EM
Awwh Love how much you care for us(: it means alot knowing you love us and try to stay in touch with us!!(: we love so much!(:
Ha! Which article? And shouldn't the missing period FAILED to stop you in your tracks? Or maybe, omg,the New Yorker is pregnant!
I keep taking my temperature on the royal wedding and realizing that I don't care.
Jam lead the D-Fenders 29-19 after one period of play
u got a service pack?
Im sending my love out to everyone with intensity purpose & passion! ((hugs))
Killed my first NYC #cockroach last night w/ - sign me up for the worlds strongest man competition!
hey man. Thought about you last week - watched the 'my star' video. Thanks so much again for that!
Storm headed toward La Plata? Uh oh.
can I breath?
Hello hello! How are ya today? I'm feeling pretty great myself. I had #SUBWAY for breakfast.
ActorFest 2010!! Visist us @ the Academy booth to enter to Win a free adimssion to a Casting Director Workshop comlpiments of the Academy!
Graduate! Yeah! Time or some well needed R & R
the mc rib, all 4 all time favorite whataburger sandwiches? is this real life?
Yeah :D
Dear out of state super PAC supporting #WalkerFailure: WI is dead last in jobs. That's not considered progress 'round these parts.
That Dr J. And Larry Bird fight is a funny ass fight!! Lol
cutting Clifton today frees up a big chunk of change to the tune of $5.7 mil. That should make a difference
Midway through an extraordinary performance by In Mulieribus at St Stephens -- like listening to angels sing.
Follow the crew members
okay good. lol have fun! xx
i just wet my pants again. oh my
Holy fucking traffic.
HAHAHA guy fieri is driving the pace car. seriously. wow.
Its raining I want hot chocolate :)
under age drinking is just as "bad" as smoking weed; still definitely illegal.
yeah maybe I got so mad and then the thing I said about Astonia (spelt that wrong)
Lost last night was ok. Highlight was def. Sawyer putting Jack in his place. Love him! Anyways, just 24 hrs til I'm in Houston! Beer Bike!!!
please don't ever shut up. You are full of WIT.
It's good to be in New York when the Knicks finally have a good team.
why would you have to beat me up? & what did do?
Cool--good luck!
A5: There's room in every trip for a bit of adventure.
RT : RT : #musesocial What does it mean to curate a SM experience? is it possible? any benefits?
How can Liberals/Progressives/DemoRates tell Lies so easy, no problem, they don't believe in God
#medlibs Please know the online planner sends emails to the email you used to register for
How was that not too many men?!
I'm not speechless often, but I have no words right now. :P
I know right? We have used his phrase against him. XD
If you live in Anderson, IN check out this week, for your chance to win tickets to on February 16th.
Go to Mad Planet tonight. You'll thank me if you do!
#FreeDan RT : that's wild blocked me. wow.
My goodness! You're always busy. You don't believe in failing so I know you'll be fine.
follow me on tumblr bro
Stoked2 present my program "Spanish in the inner city" to LUL inorder2teach Spanish 2black adults after-work.Introducing AfroLatinos to KY!
RT : I'm happy to announce #BWENY will be held from June 5th through 7th, which falls during Internet week.
Varsity game, avoiding him. :/
Early news on Mariano's injury sounds REALLY bad... He'll go for an MRI but it's sounding like his season, and most likely career, is over..
Don't miss & Friday night at ChickieWhaWha on Canal Street from 8-10p. Song from their CD "Bridging the Gap"!
Finding Nemo is one of the best movies ever created.
New York City was shweeeet
2 for Tuesday tonight @ Opal Bar!!! Pretty simple- Buy ANY drink, get 2 instead. Extra bonus- NY Knicks on all of the flatscreens
great quote: "we have this challenge of intent where the outcome in user experience terms is not matching the tools"
": If you love and respect her, don't cheat on her. Real simple."
you program drums to homie???
Love is like the wind, you can not see it, but you can feel .. :)
Some girls don't realize what they're worth. Some guys don't realize what they have. Then she leaves after realizing. Then he realizes.
Hey Boston-busy tonight? If not, come check out the lineup@ TT's (central sq) featuring my clients What Time is it Mr. Fox?!
am I wrong, or in the middle of a financial crisis, our new Pres, who campaigned on change is spending more $$ then any of his predecessors
RT : Life without music: flat ·
Wewant to extend our network of individuals who would want to cooperate in building independent music! Is that you?
At the #EmbassyofBrazil Party time!
Yes! So! WTF? I thought I was the only one.
I'm BEGGING you all to read my status and re-post it. We are running out of time! Especially if you're in California, please help!!!!
The officiating in this NCAA tournament has been TERRIBLE...so many calls that are blatantly wrong
Nice!! RT : starting at your fav place and I know he wants a bloody or 4 but the night
some of the sickest visions at my disposal... spell it out... I FUCK'N TOLD U...
I hate missing school
xs tonight for avicii lets go NHL in town haha well the non playoff teams
Imo: toxins in the body inhibit the ability to feel and express love. I sense so much more love, in me and in my environment, after a detox
i am eating an egg sandwich while looking at the menu of the restaurant i'll be eating at tonight
soo.. another day canceled. I quit trying to make plans. :|
Preparing another large mural for remounting today. Pictures to follow soon.
So much for trying to sleep early.
St Luke's church at 100 W 86th street taking donations for #INtornado victims today at 9 am
Yes , so glad I made it!
lol was dying reading that. You know me brotha, ain't a thang to worry about. Born ready #problemchildontheloose /Cc
Anyone else going to tonight at #viejasarena? See you there!
I love my neighborhood.
you know what helps? giving me your EFFing account number. bc I can't find your library card # based on the email address you never gave us.
this weather is horrible
when and where is your next show?
yes, that is a reference to section 5K1.1 of the federal sentencing guildelines, allows downward departure from typcl jail term
come back here! I wanna babysit baby Mariam!
Not since the Atari 2600 made it's way into my house in...awhile ago, have I wasted so much time. Angry Birds is the crack of the app world
I could use a couple of cups of coffee.
Holland. First stop coffeeshop.
Ima Go Sleep (:
I've been voting all week<3 And guess who is in front of Joe Jonas?! You are<33 Well deserved.
So Tweetcaster seems to be working for me. At least it isn't crashing...
Seriously though, Lightning Bolt was a Philip Glass tribute band, right?
Nice to be tweeting with you, tell us more about Castleton Christian!
RT :David Ferriero wants all of the enormous National Archives digitally available. If it's not digital it doesn't exist.
have u entered the twitterverse??
A man. A bit older than your Eoin, I guess. But not decripit.
Streeter on drop in draft: “I’m extremely hungry. I kind of felt like a lot of people didn’t believe in me even though I believe in myself."
Because ACUs are ruddy expensive, and we're already spending $225,000 next week..
I'm proud of myself :)
having an allergic reaction to one's own perfume is not fun.
don't matter. Were gonna party just as hard!
top score on putt putt mcdonalds game
I absolutely love that song!
Weird that my laptop speakers can play all kinds of things at once. In the 70's our cool stereo system played only one thing at a time.
About to shower...roll up..then go to sleep. One
“Success to me is having ten honeydew melons and eating only the top half of each slice.“~Barbra Streisand
You should be able to restore all the photos from a backup in iTunes
Thomas Alva Edison~ Just because something doesnt do what you planned it to do doesnt mean its useless.
Surpassed our #grizzgala fundraising auction goal! Building the OUAA scholarship endowment, thx to sponsors & the great auction donations!
ready for georgetown
Friday the 13th = quality movies on the tube!
Haha, thanks for the RT, I am obviously very excited about these data-related developments :)
There are different standards for different sports. Glad to see Tiger apologize though
Eternal God, help me accept each day, each moment, as a gift from you, not to be wasted. May this season bring us closer to you and to...
Stupid bitches <<<<
It's Sunday already? :(
The Italian writer Antonio Tabucchi dies in Lisbon.
six million dollar man
LETS GO #KINGS GO KINGS GO
I am so excited about this new change. New discounts and savings for you! Our new website will be: www.austinhormonedoctor.com
wow. That exam was bs.
enthusiastic teachers were the bane of my childhood existence...
It's rainy out here on the East Coast, thank God for wigs!! Lol
Fuck this sun!
It is true! You do good things. Always have. Now you get to do even more! THAT is wonderful and appropriate and deserved.
#IThankGod for my family and friends:)
Just added some interesting articles at www.bowlingdo.com... also have new retail site at www.shopbowling.com
Time to get down to #business...JenoLo Clothing coming in 12 days
Congrats to : WCHA reg season champs! One more win or Minn loss gives UW outright title. #Badgers home next wknd to host OSU
omfg Raven and Hilary are my favorite Disney stars. I had a feeling!
okay ?? we found a lot on the beach
A girl came in and handed me an application....
Interdependency follows independence. -Stephen Covey
"Excellence is a guilty pleasure, bringing confidence and peace of mind"
Going to be on during the 6oclock hour! Listen in!
I swear I have no black clothes... Ugh
I have many mornings like that Some days more dead than others some more confused, some more stupid, some just lost altogether
Coverage of the Orlando Predators vs. Pittsburgh Power begins in just three hours on Check it
Black Friday!
yup, I feel ZERO responsibility for YOUR trauma. I finally get to point & laugh.
if u have 13 ice cubes and i have 38, how many pancakes will fit on my roof? The answer is purple because aliens don't where hats.
I'm bored at home.
Wolf Gang is neither a Wolf nor a Gang. Discuss.
are they beefing over sports? i am late.
yes, we're finising it up now. Not as cumbersome as it was made out to be.
It was indeed!
Any of your friends need some new music?Tell them to check us out on Spotify. It's free and awesome!
You waist time trying to be someone else, it takes no time to be YOUR self....
Huge congratulations to new law graduates, and remember to thank your mother!
in Ghostwriter app when you move away the iPen from screen you can turn page, zoom in and out. I meant the iOS iPad multi-touch.
Simple little kind of free
Ready to go -____-
no it's okay! Don't feel bad!
I had to Hang up on Charles...that nigga be Snoring too Loud lulz
I am today...not tomorrow though.
WOW Grany g is hillarious in
ive been with the family
he better watch out I might eat his too.
wow, what a smile! And I can't forget the hottie!!!! :-)
why the :(
oh I know... But I don't mean like that. She works at a television station here. She's adorable and it's a boy!
make it crack then nigga!! (at least tweet sum pg dead dan a mf lol)
Told to stray away from what I am, said the world would never take it. Design a mold for me to fit and watch me break it.
You know me all to well.
total "duh"
& Sick dancing last night guys, it was great seeing you guys.
RNWK down 7.5% on news of my departure (perhaps slightly influenced by earnings release).
Oh, I like that process! Naturally allows for more focus by students on each type. Also love the "TARGET" idea fr earlier tweet.
It's thoughts like this that catch my troubled head when you're away when I am missing you to death