We love you Mr. Brown.
Chad has been awesome with the kids and holding down the fort while I work later than usual! The kids have been busy together playing Skylander on the XBox together, after Kyan cashed in his $$$ from his piggy bank. He wanted that game so bad and used his gift card from his birthday he has been saving and the money to get it (he never taps into that thing either, that is how we know he wanted it so bad). We made him count all of his money to make sure that he had enough! It was very cute to watch his reaction when he realized he did! He also does a very good job of letting Lola feel like she is playing too, by letting her switch out the characters! She loves it almost as much as him.
so anyways, i am going to share some home decor inspiration that i have been storing in my folder on the puter. i have all these amazing images stored away ready to come to life when we get our home.
With graduation season right around the corner, Nancy has whipped up a fun set to help you out with not only your graduation cards and gifts, but any occasion that brings on a change in one's life. I stamped the images in Memento Tuxedo Black and cut them out with circle Nestabilities. I embossed the kraft and red cardstock with TE's new Stars Impressions Plate, which is double sided and gives you 2 fantastic patterns. You can see how to use the Impressions Plates in this tutorial Taylor created. Just one pass through your die cut machine using the Embossing Pad Kit is all you need to do - super easy!
If you have an alternative argument, let's hear it! :)
Although our beloved Cantab can’t claim the international recognition afforded the Station Inn, otherwise these two joints feel like twins separated by nothing more than distance. They share a complete lack of pretense that can’t be imitated or approximated. Their very ordinariness makes them special.
Peter Schiff: Hard to tell. It will look pretty bad for most Americans when prices will go way up and they can’t afford to buy stuff. It could also get very bad as far as loss of individual liberty. A lot of people will blame it on capitalism, on freedom, and they will claim we need more government. It could be used as an impetus for more regulation, which would be a disaster, or it could be an impetus to get rid of all the regulation that was causing the problem. But whether we will do the right or the wrong thing here in America, there will be a lot of pain first. We got some serious problems we have to deal with, but we are not dealing with the problems, we only make the problems worse.
3. Winter is the time when all sleeps on some level. It is a time of turning within to make contact with your own innermost being. Winter is the best time to do this and, as a result, get answers for yourself about whatever concerns you. It is also a tremendously creative time, a time for artists of all kinds to turn within and to seek images of forms he or she wishes to produce in whatever medium chosen, so that an image of balance can be presented. Those of you that write, we suggest that you do so to come up with plots and ideas that will speak of balance coming to an imbalanced situation, person, or world. To those of you who, like Priscilla, work with making patterns and designs, we would say remember the images and designs brought about by winter. White will challenge you to see what changes will manifest in the images you produce. We ask that you do this in your own environment.
I am en-route to Cornwall again. 3/4 months of slog and sun and sea too. Always a job needs doing in a tourist town. I’m bringing my stuff back from 97 on Friday. Will need to cancel bills before I retreat. Not such a bad thing. Moved to Leeds with promise from Millies. That went nowhere. Move on.
The also mention the effect on the night sky, an issue we raised in our report, which again was ignore by Lancing Parish Council!. “The use of all lighting, including that of the indoor football pitch dome, should be the subject of a planning condition to ensure that it is only utilised at appropriate times and when necessary to safeguard the ‘dark skies’ of the adjacent NP.“
People like you are unknowing transformers of things, protected by your own fairy-tale, by love.”
When I was four years of age I remember being at home with my mom one day when a salesman tried breaking into our home. My mom was on the phone to her sister when the guy tried every door in the house. Her and I was curled up in a corner of the kitchen hiding with the phone hoping the guy would leave. It scarred me. I have never been trusting of them since this and I haven’t had one that has changed my mind.
Point 2: If it’s a show that your kid wants, a show about a book is always better than CRACCC.
Let’s say hypothetically, there is a bomb threat inside an airport. And there is only 10 minutes remaining it will explode. Inside the building there are few whites, blacks and Asian/middle eastern descents. And one of them has the code to disarm the bomb. So what would law enforcement do in a situation like this? Conduct a random check? Or eliminate the best possibilities by checking the Middle Eastern people first? If there are statistics and reasons to believe that threat comes from a certain race, is it unlawful to profile them? If a white man goes on a killing spree then should we waste time checking black men? Same goes to blacks or any other race. Isn’t it simple and smart to stay on facts and statistics or waste time and money by trying to be politically right?
‘Tis all.
I've also pondered a more permanent solution that involves several smaller chronological blogrolls organized by blog type (like the color codes). But that seems like a lot of work to create and maintain, and I'm not sure it would be helpful to the reader.
Prepare chicken fillets by flattening out a little on a board- They need to be thin and able to 'roll up' with a filling.
“It’s no costume, Pricklewood, I’m the real McCoy.” I then got down onto the carpet, grasped the feet of the armchair with my toes and lifted it off the ground. “How many humans do you know who can do that?” I asked.
Ed Switenky, manager of traffic engineering and operations, couldn't comment on any short-term improvements the city might be able to make to Governor's Road - in light of last week's accident.
And I very much doubt if it will end there. Because of all the foregoing factors, and the immediate crisis Murdoch faces, BSkyB’s movers know that he must do this deal….or wind up in very bad shape as a business. There may also come a point at which BSkyB find Murdoch himself simply too toxic to have as a buyer anyway.
Well, I'm off to clean up my craft space since it's a mess after working on my projects for this fun hop! Have a wonderful week everyone and I hope to have a project or two to share very soon! Until next time, take care!
Complaining and repeating everything we already know every day will do you no good if you do not even have a dog as an early warning system or you allow your daughters to go gallivanting in the streets at night.
How many times have you heard someone say that so-and-so is too nice to tell the person they’re seeing that they want to call it quits, too nice to address unfair working conditions with their employer or too nice to ask someone to stop using that seat on the subway as a foot stool? There certainly are people who are soft-spoken and decidedly non-confrontational. But that doesn’t mean they’re nicer relative to everyone else. It’s just their personality. You can be assertive, honest and even outspoken and still be a very nice person.
Hmmm... In terms of traditional instruments we have things like a zither, a euphonium and a harmonium in there and I think a nose flute made it to the finished mix too. But I'm no Harry Partch or even Thomas Truax come to that. Life's hard enough. Having said that, I wouldn't mind having a bash on Truax's Mother Superior!
On The Lovin’ People, he has the benefit of a good backing band consisting of Pretty Purdie on drums, Artie Butler on organ & piano, and Joe Mack and Bill Salter on bass. The band, who play both loose and funky without ever sounding sloppy, helped produce a more laid back vibe and Chandler sounds more relaxed than he did on the earlier album. He has some better songs on this one, too, such as the title cut warm, poppy number about...well, “Lovin’ People,” on which the presence of a chorus (made up on the spot of people who had gathered to provide assistance to a mothers’ help organization) also helps temper Chandler’s unfortunate tendency towards over-earnestness. “The Naked Fool” is about a relationship gone bad, which doesn’t have anything new to say but will have a few toes tapping. “Sold Out, No More Reservations” is an interesting number about a male groupie, and “Bound to Fly” has a nice soaring quality, and Chandler’s lyrics and delivery mesh well on it. If anything the problem here is that Chandler is sometimes eclipsed by his backing band—check “Behind Your Eyes” where the band goes off on some nice free jazz-psychedelic tangents while Chandler seems to be trying to channel Sammy Davis, Jr.
Thus began my frantic sprint down the corridor, pulling my reluctant suitcase as it bobbed off of anything in its path.
Other stars making the magazine’s 2011 Sexiest Women Alive list include model-turned-actress Rosie Huntington-Whiteley, jazz artist Esperanza Spalding, ‘Friends With Benefits’ star Mila Kunis, ‘The Help’ actress Emma Stone and singer Beyonce.
M. Blakeman Ingle
Outsell spoke to us about the changes going on in education specifically in the development of custom textbooks.
the autumn rains in righteousness.
Smokers I have little sympathy for – you made that decision, in the face of all the evidence that it’s not just seriously harmful to you, but to everyone around you, so I’m sorry, but you get to live with the consequences. And had I not lived, worked and socialised among smokers for most of my life, until the ban, I wouldn’t be anywhere near as ill as I am now, so sympathy is in very short supply.
Sphere: V = 4/3
Rm25
Oh yeah! Last year I was really Spicin' Things Up in the Kitchen! It was Hot Hot! Nope, the hubs and I weren't getting all romantical, we were installing tin into our cabinet for our spices! Get your heads out of the gutter!!
We talked for a few minutes, and I thanked the secretaries for taking care of my son, and I suggested we go home. My son aggreed and said thank you to the secretaries and placed a death grip on my hand and didn't let go all the way to the parking lot.
“Hell is larger today than it was yesterday, because many of us have failed to pray.”–David Smithers
Valentines Day falls on February 14th each year. It is a holiday in which lovers express said love for each other, traditionally with flowers, candle lit dinners, heart shaped things, chocolate and greeting cards. The first Valentines cards were hand written but over time have made way for more mass produced greetings. These cards, for the most part, depict images of hearts, cupids and love struck victims.
A 1 inch chunk of fresh ginger, peeled and finely grated
Never Did No Wanderin' by The Folksmen
You die?
Outfit Specs: Click piccy to be taken to it's flickr page for more information.
hold, to not let go
Roughly a week later, my sister and her ever-expanding family drove in from Alaska and picked me up, and then we all headed on to Alvin, Texas, once a happy place where a son would be reunited with his father, but now a haunted little town where ghosts of memories reared their teeth at every turn. We pulled into the driveway at dusk, greeted by my stepmother and stepbrother, both of who appeared to be much stronger than me.
Whew, there is much talk lately about rising fares due to increased fuel surcharges.
Humans have strong muscles in the legs and would need swim fins (like a frog) to bring all their power into the water and stand with the sole of the feet on the water. Rather the leg grabs almost as much water as the foot and a small amount of water is accelerated to high kinetic energy, but not much impulse is transferred. The toes are bent, the feet point 45° outwards, the sole points backwards, to mimic a hydrofoil. While closing in a V shape to the rear a small “lifting” force can be felt. Unlike in the other kicks, the joints are moved into extrema. Before the kick the knee is maximally bent and the upper leg is rotating along its axis to its extreme outer position and the lower leg is twisted to extreme, at the end of the kick the ankles are maximally turned to the inside so that the soles clap together to achieve a nozzle effect like in a jelly fish. Therefore training involves getting flexible in addition to fitness and precision.
"If I could keep you little,
individually and as a band in the studio, along with interviews
I think I did three sets of revisions in the end. The first involved clarifying the plot. I kept moving away from the main thread and rambling in different directions. Once I’d mastered that I had to switch some chapters round and cut some bits out then work a little on the dialogue. Plotting has been the most difficult part of writing so far. But through writing Shine, I studied plot hard, learned a lot and with my second book, Glitter, due out on Sept. 2nd, I had one small amount of editing to do. I kept waiting for Rachel to send the MS back with more to do when I discovered it was already with the copyeditor!
Frightful's Daughter Meets the Baron Weasel (2007) - Picture Book
Spanish Omelettes are delicious enough by themselves but they are lovely with salad to accompany them to add an attractive finishing touch !!!
Her father smiled. "They take just a tiny bit of your qi, your soul energy, when you're initiated and at various other points during your time there. I don't know how, but they make gold from it."
Len Woodbyrne & Joe O’Reilly development at95-97 Francis Street, Dublin8 (central Dublin) has a range of apartments on offer
The City Council prefers to manage the council housing instead of an Arms Length Management Organisation in order to “save money by not having a separate organisation”.
This stuff is actually happening. It’s threatening our survival. And it’s not just the environment. And I’m writing it to know that, among the peaceful: you are not crazy for thinking that we are approaching a turning point in our country where the realities of decades of profit-over-all-else mentality are becoming not just undeniable, but are confronting us in our day to day lives in ways we did not think was possible in a country that now seems, in retrospect, to have been the least Western, least democratically-minded country to be considered so. And that turning point might require widespread civil disobedience, in the name of the environmental and economic survival of our country and our people (as well, of course, as the vast masses like us all around the world, in other countries).
Sound Designer, Electronic, Experimental, Audiovisual, and Multimedia Artist, with emphasis on Film/T.V and visual mediums. Craig Brown aka Sounda is a former Performance Artist with work featured within Compilation CDs, and tracks licensed for film and TV, just to name a few. My experience with the paranormal and connections to the cosmos, inspired a lot of my work. My goals include pushing the limit of Art through Sound and Music and establishing a strong foundation with my contribution in Film and TV. Favorite Lyric: You are just another brick in the wall by Pink Floyd Activities and Thoughts: Flying, stargazing, battling supernatural forces. There is no such thing as silence, silence has a sound. I am trying to figure out what lies within the 11th Dimension. I wonder if the beautiful ring planet is ready to take me back. Craft:
anyway, i digress. we’ve got a bed, a sofa, a washing machine – all the important things, really. and the furniture for the baby room comes tomorrow morning. which is good since come next week, i could literally go into labor at any moment. though, i really hope he’ll wait for a little bit. a couple weeks at least. we’re not quite ready yet (though not sure if we will be in a few weeks, either).
He grabs my arm and yanks me around to face him. I slam into his chest with a thud that jars my bones and knocks the fight right out of me. I stumble back, away from him, and fold my arms across my chest to cover the logo of Sam’s sweatshirt.
1 Beauty Contest
bunny drop Complete Series Premium Edition
In reporting on activities to Chloe, I invented the chick-flick scale, my very own movie rating system. Instead of stars, chick flicks get 1 to 4 hearts (of course). Here are mini reviews of the movies I've watched this past week or so.
To see all the PACA (Provence Alpes Côte d'Azur) Michelin rankings, go here:
Alyssa is now 10 and has been busy with Volleyball, Girlscouts, and Sunday School. It seems like we are always running with her somewhere. She was struggling in reading in school a few months back, and was put into special reading help class; which was in turn taking time away from her math time and causing her to struggle in math; but she has now caught up with her reading, and has turned her math skills around as well. Conferences are just around the corner, and we have high hopes for her. We repainted her room for her last Birthday and gave her all new bedding and furniture. She has more things in her room, than time to play with the stuff...but what kid doesn't I guess.We don't get to see her as much as we would like to, but we cherish the time we do get with her. We have a lot of fun things planned to do with her on the weekends we have with her, let's hope we don't wear her out!
The concept of the King's Peace first appeared during the reign of Richard I in 1195. Peace was henceforth to be seen as the responsibility of the king, and its breach required that the culpable parties be answerable to him. During the reign of Edward III in 1361, Justices of the Peace were appointed for the first time. The Crown, in effect, was claiming a monopoly on violence in the realm, and appointing officials to enforce it.
The black sports coat, white button-up shirt, khaki slacks, and leather loafers he wore were all tailored and very expensive giving the impression of him being some sort of major player in the world trying to lay low and relax. It was a thought that Peter was beginning to believe more and more about himself as his sales numbers rocketed into orbit.
After the war memorial, and Northwood Station, we turned right just after St Helen's School towards Northwood Hills. My two South London colleagues were pleased that there actually was a hill. We were surprised at the number of closed-down shops in this apparently affluent area, but the William Jolle pub still seemed to be thriving. (Because it is a Wetherspoons establishment, I can tell you that he was a local 14th century resident) The former pub opposite had, however, metamorphosed into the Namaste Lounge.
Dear Heavenly Father, I thank You for teaching me to prayer earnest, heartfelt and continued prayers. As I spend time to pray like this today, Your divine power is manifested, changes are effected, and circumstances in my life are changed, in Jesus Christ Name I pray! Amen!
Last week, he was so worked up about some things that were not actually real. He laid down in his bed and kept going over and over them with me. I told him he just needed to relax, that he didn't need to worry so much. He is being so well cared for. He gave me the silent soul searching steel blue stare, softly grabbed my hand, and said, "I'll always remember you."
Allow to rest 2 minutes on cookie sheet before transferring cookies to a cooling rack.
From Peru, we flew to Ecuador and then on to the wedding. After the celebrations, we were off to Hawaii, for a much needed relaxing beach holiday, after which we did a wonderful cruise of The Great Barrier Reef, before flying home via Singapore. What a great trip that was, and one day I’ll put some more photos up for you to see.
I gave Nick S a call before I got there and he told me that Tim CC was on his way up to get it, so I did a quick pass 500' over a couple of pilots on takeoff, then headed back over Aber.
The company are introducing an internal ‘carbon price’ to encourage their individual business arms to become more responsible for the costs of offsetting their emissions.
Morgan Tsvangirai, the Zimbabwean prime minister, on the other hand has given up a presidency in order to avoid violence continuing against his constituents.
in her hair
When it comes to making my own salsas at home, I've often limited myself to making the usual salsas that involve fresh tomatoes, fresh jalapenos, an onion, some cilantro and a bit of lime juice... or pico de gallo. And from time to time, I may make the salsa verde, guacamole, or the black bean and corn salsa.... even the quick, budget-friendly avocado sauce. They are all excellent. But recently I managed to make 2 different salsas, opening the door to a new way of making salsa for me... using various chiles to add depth and flavor.
Often I think she doesn't even hear the words. She just gets up and invites the music to take over her body.
That’s why there’s cache. Cache-memory access is almost as fast as register access, but you can have a lot of cache memory—comparatively. L1 caches typically have 32 or 64Kbyte capacities and often there are independent caches for instructions and data. Caches take a huge load off main memory, relieving the pressure to speed up main-memory access.
You think your school's scary?
Skully was struggling to breath at this point, shaking and pawing his head, gagging and his eyes reflected his fear. Poor little guy! He was also snapping his teeth, tryin' to dislodge the jerky.
Freddie did spend some time in Vietnam too; I think he told us he used to make maps there. But we never pushed it because who knew if he would “Freak out” about it. And Freddie knew just about everything you know, politics, art, religion, history, philosophy, and most important, Brooklyn.
you would think this man who is only one step above
Again, I’ve just begun working on what Mr. Licata told me and I’ll post more later but if its true, it would make a great book: corrupt lawyers, bribed judges and completely crooked bankers engaging in mortgage fraud and outright theft. Real estate slows down from about the end of May and won’t really resume until September so maybe I’ll devote some of that free time to writing this up – it’s got the ingredients for a great tale.
Or at least, the US does. Why don’t things like this exist? Adults like to have fun as much as kids do, although maybe the urge to play has either died down naturally or been repressed by responsibilities. Playgrounds are a great way for kids to run, jump, and get some exercise while enjoying themselves, but what like that exists for adults? If you want fun, it’s usually either expensive or relatively sedentary like walking or hiking. If you want cheap exercise … lace up those running shoes. (And I don’t deny that some people gain enjoyment from running, but I sure don’t.)
I’m pretty late to the LCD Soundsystem party (a great oversight on my part), but thankfully rectified with Mr James Murphy’s third (and final?) outing of liquid crystal disco. It sounds effortlessly cool, but there’s so much going on, it’s just plain fun to listen to, dance to and do just about anything to – be it the washing up, filling out an application form or being attacked by PANDUHS!
Schumann – Spanische Liebeslieder, op.138, nos 4 and 9
Cole then settled in Memphis. His son Victor Cole, Jr., a product of a local Memphis high school, signed on to play in 2013 for the University of Memphis, according to The Memphis Commercial Appeal.
I was walking back from my girlfriend’s house through Park South, a notoriously run-down area of Swindon, riddled with unemployment, anti-social behaviour and crime. It’s not the area of Swindon I normally associate with a ‘passion for politics’, but as I crossed the water logged field I saw a purple and yellow glow from a window. ‘VOTE UKIP’. Wait, what? – This took me by surprise, Park South has always been a Labour stronghold, we have all seen it in the media that the ‘smaller’ parties are going to do well tomorrow, but this really hit home for me. It’s bitter-sweet.
Adapted from Laurie and Sharon's book Mom...And Loving It!
Due to the nature of my job (raising children) I find my cleaning standards have slipped somewhat. After a day spent washing up, sweeping food off the kitchen floor, wiping all the surfaces, picking up toys and random objects up off every floor in the house, cooking, looking after my kids, making beds, and hanging washing out, seventeen times over, I have no remaining energy to do any actual cleaning.
POSTED BY MIKE SMITH AT 9:38 AM 1 COMMENTS
But wait, broadcast industry opponents say. Aren’t broadcasters the rich and powerful few disenfranchising the rest of the country from having ubiquitous wireless broadband? Only they won’t say it quite like that, but the point is worth examining. Just 10 to 15 percent of U.S. households rely exclusively on over-the-air television. There is some evidence of cord-cutting–i.e., people ditching pay service for free TV–but not to the extent to suggest that ratio will double anytime soon. And we don’t know much yet about the adoption rate of mobile over-the-air TV because where is it already?
One of the things that he taught was this;
Now I feel that I wasted my life, how I repent
I was nervous about reading this passage. It's pretty emotional. That's some crazy brutality, you know? They aren't dying fast enough as they slowly suffocate on a cross where they are hanging by their hands and feet so let's break their legs so they die faster. Oh- he's already dead so let's put a gash in his side so that he bleeds.
This time FVK provides brilliant material soundwise and musicwise. This is still weird narcotic hard core punk delivered with conviction and energy, probably their best recording so far.
Was hoping I would only have to beat cancer once, but the disease continues to foolishly pick on the wrong guy.
I've got to admit that I didn't know the Norfolk Broads was water, for some reason I just imagined it being fields. We learned little bits about it along the way, like they're man-made, but I did a bit more research here and have learned that the Broads is now the UK's largest nationally protected wetland. They are a man-made creation, formed when people dug for peat! Who knew?
“I don’t think that is the best way for having these changes. I don’t know on what basis they are going to charge us. The best option is dialogue,” said Asfaw Dingamo, Ethiopia’s minister of water resources.
I rode from my house to RC1's house and when I was just about there I came to a place in the trail where it stopped suddenly with friendly 'no trespassing' signs suggesting that I find another route. Instead, I picked up my bike and crossed the rail road tracks anyway. That experience loosely parallels my week. Pushing forward, creating my own path... That or a silly rummycube analogy about switching around the tiles until they fit just right. I like thinking in metaphor.
The juices today were the best yet. Breakfast was like a chilled, spiced carrot soup and lunch was like a thin salsa. Plus I had the Chocolate Nut Milk again for dinner because it was so enjoyable last night.
Vacuum all carpeted areas and clean all other floors. Pull the couches away from the walls and get behind there. Every second week, remove the cushions and vacuum the inside of the couch on this day.
Earlier this week, the German small business foundation filed a criminal lawsuit against the Bundesbank, accusing the board of disguising the true scale of risk born by German citizens. If they knew all that Geli wants to sign them up for, the entire nation would have a fit of the vapours.
When I'm getting something off the amazon website, I select 'Download to PC' and then manually drag it onto my device to bypass their updates.
The morning was HARSH. Anytime I completely lose it to that extent (see yesterdays posts), I always wake up feeling like I got ran over by a semi-truck. My body did NOT want to move and I hurt SO bad. I was late getting DD to school, but I got her there. And from that point on……I’m pretty sure Hell froze over.
The wisdom of the world is still foolish today. One of the great discussion topics of our age is how we get to heaven. The pervasive world view is that everybody will get there some day depending on what you’re looking for. The world’s view claims it doesn’t matter which path you follow to get there. Many in the world’s intellectual and scientific communities believe heaven and hell don’t even exist. We who are being saved, however, know that Jesus would not have gone to the cross if He did not know there was something beyond this world. Those of us who are being saved also know human wisdom costs a person everything, but Godly wisdom affords us everything.
2010.08.27 Iraq Shurqat 3 3 A suspected al-Qaeda attack leaves three dead.
We’ll have faith because we’re clean — not just because of what Jesus did — but because we lived in Him, righteous, by His grace we overcame. We didn’t shrink back. We made sure that we stayed right with Him. We’re supposed to walk like Jesus walked. We can’t just do our own thing and think it’s okay because of some formula. “Without holiness, no man will see God.”
For an additional chance(s) to win:
entered her room with bouquet
Jen, who said
First, choose your background colour or paper. For my card, I chose a Robins Egg paper from Echo Park's Springtime Paper Pack No 1. Resize the paper according to the size of your project, then import your digital stamp:
????~~ Pardon me for the short post. I have to go back to work for now.
Pendragon: Since your birth.
Michael helped me hold up the arches while I drilled in a few pilot holes and some dry wall screws. It's a good idea to really get those screws in flush with the MDF or even counter-sunk so you can't see them later. We installed the flat trim in the same way.
The sun which changed to snow over night left residents unprepared with how to get to work and doing there day to day things.
Sour cream for garnish
“The church she requested to attend is 180 degrees different from the ramblings of that hell, fire and brimstone preacher,” said Parnham. “She would just like to get back into a stable church whereby God and Christianity become a role in her life. There’s nothing nefarious about that.”
1 pear, cored, and cut into large cubes
For the yogurt sauce:
M: “Hey babe?”
You can also see how we've got a layer of cement material in our walls (I think it's called rock lath like I mentioned here) - yep, that is fun to drill through and Aaron's Dad knows just how fun it is to sawzall through (someday we can get a proper intro to our kitchen for you).
And a lot more trust
Every day. Every single day I do this with my nemesis I75. And every single day I remember what a dumbass I am for thinking I can beat the odds, that I won't be thinking unkind thoughts about whomever caused the accident that has resulted in the bumper to bumper clusterfuck that is the worst commute in the nation. I lament the fact that they don't have formal drivers' education here, that the public transportation system is pretty much nonexistent and, of course, I berate myself for once again for forgetting that the back roads aren't just more scenic. They're more efficient, too.
Cake is always a very big party of wedding days, with that being said I've only ever eaten cake at one friends wedding and that is simply because it was forced down my throat by the groom. Odd, yes but it was a prank the Bride and Groom tried to play on myself and the bestman. I saw the prank coming a mile away and mouthed to the Bestman to "Duck!" he didn't understand and as I ducked and ran he got cake smashed in his face by the bride. The groom then chased me down and around the dance floor finally tackling me and giving me cake. Thankfully he and I are very close friends or I might have been really pissed not only at my bride/bff but at him too. Most weddings I go to I'm too busy dancing, or drinking to care about sweets, so while I was excited about planning my cake for my own wedding - I wasn't really concerned about eating it.
I am the luckiest Mom in the world. I was fortunate enough to spend Mother’s Day with my girls in Toronto. I love spending time with my girls and to be able to spend the whole weekend with them was fantastic. I do love spending time with them on the farm and I know My Hero would have loved that but circumstances found us in the city so we made the
Hibiscus aguas fresca
"It ain't over till the fat lady sings" he says,
“Someone so beautiful should not be so angry,” Nightcrawler retorts.
My party is a Hostess Appreciation Tea which is actually on my schedule for June. I can't wait to make the Creativity Journals with my sweet guests. We'll have hot teas, scones and quiche with a few other treats too. I enjoy this event so much each year, and I think the Journals will add to our fun.
It's behaving like a lady, or acting like a gentleman.
After so many incidents in which Palestinian propaganda has managed to rearrange the narrative so that the Israeli side appears to be the aggressor, we could expect the IDF brass, as well as Israel’s government, to show restraint, perhaps count to 30, before throwing their own man under the media bus. But, alas, both IDF Chief of Staff Benny Gantz and Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu condemned a senior IDF officer for the way he appears on a selectively edited Palestinian video on You Tube.
However, I dug up some of the states for you to use:
The first of what is likely many. “Due to technical disturbances, Oslo Børs’ Equity and Bonds markets are temporary halted. Members may delete their orders in this state. Further information will follow. “
at the age of seven (something that studies have shown makes the first
Phoebe Finds Her Voice is aimed at 7-11 year olds and is the first book in the Star Maker’s series.
“That’s next week’s lesson.”
¨ Jane Odiwe
That dynamic keeps both the friendly and the adversarial on notice that they are in thrall to a supremo that can play fast and loose with the pros and cons of fluid situations.
Noticing is what effected change for Simba in The Lion King. The voice of his father echoing from the past at last reminded him of that which he had long forgotten to pay attention to—his heart, his purpose, and his true identity. As he chose to be responsive to the truth, he was able to face his fears and return to the Pride Lands with a new perspective.
My stomach hurt like crazy & still does.
"In Mexico City, i'm known as puerco chupacabra."
Songs vary;
One gift that was in Shelby's stocking that she loved were these light up tooth brushes.
“I have worked for 40 years, paid taxes for 40 years and paid NI for 40 years. I have been on DLA for 6 years and if I were still able to work I would still be on £40,000 pa and have a company car instead of a Motorbility car. I would travel the country using my first class rail warrant and stay in 4* hotels using my generous expense account. I had dignity, self belief, respect and I loved my job. However, it would seem that one day I decided to become disabled, poverty stricken and treated like a criminal. As a life style choice it was a disaster! Now it seems I am guilty of attempted fraud, worthless, a burden on society and a waste of space. Does anybody really believe that I prefer my life now? Drug addicts, while also needing help, are treated with more compassion and they made an informed choice to start using. I did not choose to be this way and I expect to be given as much support.” Derek Benyon, Leicestershire; sick for 7 years
I recently cancelled my cable (for the second time) due to escalating costs and a general disgust at the lack of quality programming. I won’t lie and say I’ve never indulged in reality smut for entertainment. I have caught myself watching Bachelor Pad and no part of me is proud of it. It is the “train-wreck” factor that keeps people paying attention to most of the stuff that passes for good TV.
Hospital in Empangeni on Wednesday night after undergoing an emergency
We had a conference with the neonatologist this afternoon and he said that her breathing issues are a result of her prematurity and she would need to stay in the NICU until she is able to breathe without assistance and keep her pulse ox in the 90s. This could take days or weeks, every baby is different.
But who am I, I need to know
I don’t mean to be disrespectful and I know that Mike Melvoin — who penned five tunes, including the New York songs, on the album and lends his considerable talents on piano — unfortunately passed away in February. But I can’t help feeling I’ve heard this all before. Basse is compared by some critics and the album’s publicity to Mel Torme, Ray Charles and Dr. John (Dr. John, really?) but in truth he’s a lot closer to Harry Connick, Jr. without as much sparkle and wit.
NIGHT OF THE DRIBBLER
He may not always take part in our insane escapades or hang around the newsroom as much as we do, but I love Ryan too death. I know he’s all Arts and Entertainment now, but he can never forget where he started – an Assistant News Editor. There are very few people I would put money on, but Ryan is one of them. He’s not only going places, but he’s already gotten places. I’ve never seen anyone at the paper that can write a feature like this kid. He’s pretty awesome.